Add Nagios XI snmptrap RCE and docs (CVE-2020-5792) (#14699)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/linux/http/nagios_xi_snmptrap_authenticated_rce.md

## Vulnerable Application
This module exploits an OS command injection vulnerability (CVE-2020-5792) in `includes/components/nxti/index.php`
that enables an authenticated user with admin privileges to achieve remote code execution as the `apache` user.

The module's `check` method takes advantage of the `Msf::Exploit::Remote::HTTP::NagiosXi` mixin in order to authenticate to the target and
obtain the Nagios XI version number, which is then used to check if the target is version 5.5.0-5.7.3 and therefore vulnerable.

> Next, the module uploads a simple PHP shell to `includes/components/nxti/index.php` and then executes the payload

Reviewer: This sounds like it is overwriting it, perhaps this might be better wording?

```suggestion
Next, the module uploads a simple PHP shell, overwriting the contents of `includes/components/nxti/index.php`, and then executes the payload
```

Reviewer: Also I'd want to know if this module ends up leaving a backdoor on the system. Ideally we would want to restore the original file if at all possible to prevent us from compromising a client network and leaving them permanently vulnerable post pentest.

> via an HTTP GET request to `includes/components/autodiscovery/jobs/<php_shell>?<php_param>=<cmd>`

Reviewer: Reworded for clarity.
